System : Coupon Management Application
Date : 22-Dec-2015, 8:00 PM
Reviewer : Vinamra Mattoo
Attendees : Ravi Sinha, Bharat Ambati, Naveen Khushalappa, Karthik Gorlagunta, Vinamra Mattoo
Proposed by : Vinamra Mattoo

Review Findings :

1. Alert box appears on quick coupon creation submit
		Review recommendations : Removal of the alert box

2. On clicking the Portea logo the  display message overlaps the dashboard message
		Review recommendations : dashboard message is kept separate from display messages

3. Code id being displayed in code details page
		Review recommendations : Removal of this field from code details page

4. After executing advanced search, or navigating to the following pages from a specialized link,
   the user does not have an option to switch to default listing that uses default search criteria
    a. coupon listing
	b. code listing
		Review recommendations : Reset list (text link) to be added in the page

5. Distinct Coupon name validation not implemented in
	a.create coupon	
	b.edit coupon
	c.copy coupon
		Review recommendations : Distinct coupon name validation is implemented in all the above pages

6. Error message returned by server is not being read and displayed
		Review recommendations : Value from the appropriate header should be extracted and presented to the end user

7. validation for Transaction min/max is being done twice
		Review recommendations : Removal of extra validation and also removing its status as a recommended field

8. when the max discount value is lesser than min discount value but still (max value should be lesser than min value) error is displayed and form submission is halted
		Review recommendations : Functionality logic to be checked and repaired

9. the client is able to send the data which is not required for the current selected application type
	eg the nth time value and applicable use count values can be sent for the application types not requiring these values
		Review recommendations : not sending the values that are not required by the selected application type

10.	the server is accepting the values that are not required by the given application type and saving into the database
    eg the nth time value and applicable use count values are being accepted for the application types not requiring these values

11.  Error  messages being displayed in a heading(big) format
		Review recommendations : Colour should be red and font size smaller

12. On submission of copy coupon form "500 internal server error" is returned
		Review recommendations : Usage of proper id

13. server is sending the id for following  fields
	a. Published by
	b. Updated by
	c. Created by
	d. Deactivated by
		Review recommendations : server sends the names instead of id

14. column based Sorting for coupon names and codes in coupon listing is unhandled on server side
		Review recommendations :url being sent to the server be parsed accordingly to attain this functionality

15. Confirm boxes  for all deactivations and deletions
		Review recommendations : addition of confirm boxes

16. the UI used for selection of global (coupon advance search) is confusing
		Review recommendations : keeping 2 checkboxes while not allowing both of them to be unchecked at the same time so that null result in the table doesn't show up

17.	the UI used for selection of inclusive (coupon advance search) is confusing
		Review recommendations : keeping 2 checkboxes while not allowing both of them to be unchecked at the same time so that null result in the table doesn't show up

18. unable to select the dates before today's date in advance search (coupon advance search )
		Review recommendations : changing the date function to allow the selection of any arbitrary date

19. unable to remove the default date in all the  "from" date inputs boxes of coupon advanced search
		Review recommendations : not setting any default value for this field

20. Unable to select a date in coupon code advanced search
		Review recommendations : changing the type of the input box

21. App use count input type to be changed from text to number in all the forms
		Review recommendations : changing the  type of input box to number

22. the tooltip of the min max discount range is ambiguous (if it a percentage value or a amount value)
		Review recommendations : tooltip adjustments to be done to remove ambiguity

23. switching to view coupon details from  code details page using the view coupon button doesnt show coupon attributes
		Review recommendations : functionality logic to be checked and updated